back in North Korea which is the big Lee
story of the day of nothing here people
are understandably very worked up about
this according to a new poll in this
poll was taken before the president's
threat today a majority of Americans
seventy five percent believed that North
Korea's nuclear program is a critical
threat to the United States but I wonder
is how many Americans even know where
North Korea is so we went out onto
Hollywood Boulevard do you think the
United States should consider military
action against North Korea I would say
yes and where exactly is North Korea
it's in what as far as on the map I
[Music]
don't know I'm horrible at geography I
guess up here somewhere
ah I'm gonna guess and somewhere near
here and it's the Middle East I think
yeah so no I think it's top I don't know
I really don't remember you take a guess
I know this is a beer that's girl I
didn't hear you know I'm really good at
geography but this is very embarrassing
because I don't even remember what North
Korea's scuse me
yes take a guess somewhere here should
we consider military action against
North Korea I believe so and where is
North Korea
North Korea hold on
it's somewhere over in this area I
believe it's by it's an Asia absolutely
yeah unless they moved it yeah general
vicinity
[Music]
oh no thanks
that's the Arctic where is North Korea
um I want to say somewhere in here that
area that's the Middle East we're
already there here
that's Canada the scariest part about
North Korea is it could be anywhere this
is it's not over here Australia we've
done nothing to us nope you know at
South America right there that's India
now right there you know I think that's
Mongolia I don't know like maybe down
here restart the Vietnam War idea hey in
order to make an omelet get a break few
eggs right a geographer relation there
no there nope hey you want a hint yeah
it's right above South Korea Australia
you've just started World War three can
you at least point to where you are
right now yeah over here
Oh mailed it that's it
[Applause]
[Music]
we spotted a celebrity in our audience
what where where are you from or do you
even know they're from Virginia yeah and
that's and you've never seen North Korea
apparently not
will you be able to get home do you
think or you know did you finally figure
out that they do you think you could now
remember where it is yeah you do okay
all right but we'll find you again in a
year okay all right hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
if you like that click the subscribe
button below and good things will happen
forever